## Article
[[Why two Clockwise designers built a video game that gives humans empathy for machines by Cathy Reisenwitz]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- I love the idea of gamification to learn and the kind of subversive teaching here. It reminded me of [[MSCHF]] and how they quickly destabalize your assumptions. Plus, it stuck out because I'd played the game and founding it both fascinating and applicable to my day to day life. 
- What does it make me feel? 
	- It feels exciting because the article is short but rich. I'm really loving short but rich articles because they give me lots of bang for my buck. It makes me feel like I can learn things quickly. Plus, I loved this article because it opens whole new worlds, worlds I'm very interesting in exploring. I think [[Limit my consumption of books and articles]] has taught me that I need to be choosy with what I learn and an interesting side affect has been using articles as gateways. Instead of reading random stuff, I'm reading articles that lead me to longer form content that I find valuable. So I kind of have this graded approach where I skim lots of articles to find useful stuff that I want to dive deeper into. 
- What does it remind me of?
	- This article most reminds me of [[The War on Developer Productivity]] in that it talks about changing [[03062021 - Levers]] and lays out why the problem being solved is important. A fascinating mix of advertising and product development that I think [[Neil]] and I could get lots of mileage out of. Also connects to [[What's that mystery in your inbox costing you?]] because it is something I'd never considered. It's a problem I'd never heard articulated well before and now that I see it I can't unsee it. 

## Idea

- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
- What did it make me feel? 

## Free Write
- A little rushed yesterday because I scheduled a dinner at 6. I think 90 minutes is the magic buffer between meetings for me.