## Therapy
- Talk with [[Aaron Reider]] about change and [[Liv Panozzo]]. 	
	- Also discuss her fear that I'm not social enough and want to read all the time
	- Her worrying about me
	- Concerns about change
	- Not telling her what's going on
	- Talk about her not bringing things up till later / giving delayed feedback

### Action Items
- Bring up what to do about wanting to feel important
	- That's why I tell Liv about my ideas so much
	- Living is relational, which means it's about living with other people, not about appearing grandiose. How can we be relational versus basking in our own knowledge?
- Distraction / Reading All the Time
	- Bids for Connection
		- Acknowledge that it can be rude
	- Expressing Needs
		- Not fun to sit while you do homework
- Feels connected & all at once
	- Why is this a problem now? What makes this important now?
- I stopped asking her about what's going on
	- Because it's hard to speak because I get nervous about saying the wrong things
- Have conversations that might start a fight because they are important
	- When a blow up occurs you take a break and don't engage until later (have to come back to it)
- Consider couples therapy
	- Blake Kooi
		- He'll get us together and make us take the enneagram. Then he will meet with both of us individually then bring us together. He starts slow and has a process. 

### Pattern
- I withhold information about conflict that would create meaning in the relationship because I want to avoid a blowout
- Be inquisitive stop trying to solve. Focus on why vs content.
	- I feel this about this.
	- I've noticed this.

## Reflections
