## Article
[[What Should the Next Chat App Look Like?]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- I have been thinking so much about chat apps from [[What's that mystery in your inbox costing you?]] to [[202104200859 - Chat is a greedy form of communication]] and [[The War on Developer Productivity]]. Feels like a really rich space that touches on what I think is a [[202105201257 - Root Problem]] which is communication.
- What does it make me feel? 
	- Disappointed and underwhelmed. I was hoping it was more revolutionary. I think that the federated part is revolutionary, but I don't understand it. The guy seemed a little crotchety and I was put off by how much he assumed I knew. I've also heard bad things and he's banned from Hacker News ([[The Lonely Work of Moderating Hacker News]]) which puts me off a little bit. That said, I think this is a great article to talk over with [[Neil]] because of the levers and the fact he could help me understand it. I think I feel confused as well. 
- What does it remind me of?
	- Reminds me of something boring haha. Not sure I've read many articles like it that are oddly intimidating and confusing yet also kind of boring. 

## Idea
[[202105210024 - Habits spread like viruses]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
	- I found the explanatory power super high, much like the idea from [[2021-05-19]]. Just fascinating when an idea crystallizes lots of thoughts and helps me understand the world in a better way. Just as there are [[202105201257 - Root Problem]]s I think there are [[202105210030 - Root Idea]] and this is one of them. Feels like something fundamental is going on and it reminds me of [[202105161506 - Inconsistent and unclear regulation results in whack a mole]]
- What did it make me feel? 
	- Scared actually. Kind of scary to think of what can happen when habits go awry, like in [[Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl]]. It is sad to think that badness can become a habit. It reminds me of [[202105191618 - We miss the common and overrate the rare]] which is why [[03062021 - Common assumptions are opportunities as they are often incomplete]].

## Free Write

- Excited for a meeting with [[Jesse Hill]] today!
	- Meeting with Jesse was good. Really nice to have someone in my corner. Once again really thankful for the accelerator program and people who both tell me the hard things and the good things. Excited to take action on some of the stuff I've been sitting on for a long time and to start feeling engaged at work again. Plus I'm hype to start learning at work again, forgot how nice it was to do that instead of simply getting shit done. I'm also excited to double down on professional development and really learn the fundamentals. It will be nice to have a focus there and to be able to use all this learning infrastructure I've built out on [[Obsidian]] to my advantage. Might even make it so I can start to figure out the brain trust a little bit. Even if it's only for me it'll be fun to start incorporating big CS ideas into my workflow and what I do everyday. At first I was worried this would detract from my outside of work learning but I think I'm doing so much outside of work learning in part to compensate for the fact I barely learn anything at work. So I think things will be ok. I will just replace some of the stuff I am already reading with more work related stuff. So perhaps instead of a random article every day, I read one on SQL or something like that. Just a slight adjustment of the inputs but it's nice to see the system can stay the same and it's exciting to apply the system to work. I'm kind of glad it worked out this way, that I had time to develop the system before applying it to work. I feel like I kind of have it down pat now and can just port it over without having to fiddle over things at work. I can just seamlessly integrate work in, which my coworkers will like better I think. I think if it wasn't well developed, I could have some push back which would be detrimental. I view all of this side stuff as critical to my long long term career growth and I view it as critical for Atomic in a way as well. 

