## Article
[[The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- Just seemed once again unusual. It seems that I like to read about unusual things and write about practical ones. An interesting pattern that bears more thinking especially after my thinking that I am a 6. 
- What does it make me feel? 
	- Surprised. Lots of things I hadn't thought about and deep paradoxes. Weird to think that math explains the world only partly because it fits it. We underrate how much math explains the world because math is part of how we think about the world. So it explains it, but it may not be right. Kind of reminds me of [[202105211614 - Snapshots are accurate but not the truth]]. We may be able to see something that is accurate but not truthful because we are limited in the thoughts we can think for a variety of reasons ([[Humans have limited memories]])
- What does it remind me of?
	- I'm not sure I've seen much like this. It was a stretch for me and I'm so very glad I gave it a shot. I want to read more like it because it seems to be a fundamental idea, like mathematics itself is (though less so than I thought at the start of the article)

## Idea
[[202105271417 - Perceived effort is not linear]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
	- Jesse has said it a few times and I think it is a really hopeful idea. Reminds me a lot of [[202104081532 - Value as a consultant is unevenly distributed]] and [[202104070856 - The future is already here, it's just not evenly distributed]]. Both those ideas explain a lot of problems for me. I keep finding that I pick out ideas that have explanatory power for me, not simply those that are interesting. Kind of makes me think about how I'm probably not a 5 on the Enneagram. 
- What did it make me feel? 
	- It makes me feel relaxed and reminds me that I won't always visibly see progress. Reminds me of [[Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn]] critique of rewards because they make it hard to recognize internally motivated incremental progress like this. Rewards make it hard to have the patience to wait for change like this. 

## Good Thing Today
- Blue hanging out with Ivy and Honey

## Free Write
Learned a lot today, part about the Fusion project in general. That was with Lydia, drawing diagrams and starting to understand how the system as a whole works. Today I specifically picked up a bunch about the data import and production releases processes. I never knew that jde and dbo are different schemas that represent the same data we are in slightly different ways from legacy ways of doing things. 

Learned from Drew about [[Craft]], which is interesting but not quite for me. I think if I were drawing more and sharing more of my stuff I would jump on craft. it's something to keep an eye on for sure but right now I'm not doing enough general conceptual stuff for [[Atomic Object]] to find craft useful. For right now [[Obsidian]] works like a charm. 

Learn from [[Jesse Hill]] in our meeting today about why I was struggling so much with my professional development. I realized that I handn't been specific enough about exactly what I was doing nor had I been clear on why I was doing what I was doing (adding to my knowledge graph is way more motivating than "getting better for the team"). 

Super excited as well about how well going back to the office has gone. #Blue is taking it like a champ, much better than I had expected. I'm excited to start taking lunches with him again so he gets some focused attention and some time to just hang out. The going back into the office process will be much less work than I had thought it would be, which is so nice. Way less stressful than I had considered. Really loving the people I work with and surprisingly I'm even liking the work more and more as I understand it. I think the fact that [[I "back out" details by understanding the big picture first, not vice versa]] has made this process longer than it might have been otherwise. 

I really want to start turning this article and idea into a blog post, but I don't want it to be a high cost. Maybe I could do a weekly one where I pick out an idea, an article, and a book to share about. 