## Things to Know
- What is the status of Chris and 1768?
	- Still hasn't gotten to it - not sure whether to push on this or not. I can check in about this when patrick gets in. 
- What did Nora think of the updates on 2078's instructions?
	- I think she liked them? Can probably consider this done for now
- Where are we at in terms of updates to the scope of 2080?
	- Need more clarity - Taylor is working on this so it's off of our plate for now. 

## Read Something
- What did I read today?

## Write Something
- What did I write today? 
	- I started using [[Cold Turkey]] Writer once again and loved it. So weird to write distraction free - have to start doing that more often. Ended up writing 2 stories - only meant to write for 30 minutes but got on such a roll that I couldn't stop. The first, about [[Atomic/My Spin/Digital Minimalism]], was about [[Digital Minimalism by Cal Newport]] and my experiment of hopping off of [[Twitter]] for the next month. I think that one might fit well in a personal blog. It was funny to see how interested my coworkers were in my experiments, might be fun to post that in some channel when I write it (could be a good way to kick off my personal website). The second one was like a second take on the RTO story I've started in [[Automattic]]'s Wordpress. [[Return to the Office]] is about the underlying principle of the office and collaboration, which is trust. It's like the root problem that being in the office solves. 

## Give Thanks
- Getting the chance to talk with Jordan today at the dog park and having such a great time with [[Neil]] and [[Russell]] and changing my mind about the project. 

