week of ## Reflections
- Using the Pomodoro timer changed the way I work. Between that and Tuple I think I've found the Remote work workflow I need. 

## TODO
- [ ] Implement a timer for both people about switching pairs ([[Utilize timers to set boundaries for yourself and others]])
- [ ] Put thought into these questions:
	-   How do you think you’re doing in working toward being able to work independently on Fusion features?
		-   Mixed bag. Some issues, particularly those related to GraphQL / React I can handle on my own. When things drift into the starter kit and raw SQL I generally start to lose my grip. 
	-   Where do you think learning / growth would help you the most in that area?
		-   It's tough to pinpoint, since so much of it is original Atomic stuff (lens, domain entities, Repositories/ports). SQL is unquestionable an area for potential growth. I've grown a lot since I started (I can now find most data I need) but I need work in generating complicated stuff (not just one off queries)
	-   If you’re not sure, what can you do to identify places where growth would help?
		-   I think setting up a VPL with Drew could be useful on the starter kit side just to get the bigger picture. Plus, keeping pictures of the system that help me around would be a big win. 
	-   Are there specific things that I or the team or Atomic at large do to help?
		-   Make sure I'm asking to drive! When I start to stagnate or get confused I'm less assertive and slide back because that means I don't ask to drive (where I tend to learn most)
	-   Are there things that you feel are holding you back?
		-   The lack of structure around pairing. I would love to better know that I'd have breaks and help. Those are the two most important things for my productivity right now. 
	-   What would you do in my shoes?
		-   Identifying areas of the tech stack is good. 
		-   The things that help developers be effective are knowing your tools (React, Typescript, Postgres, GraphQL). 
		-   Knowing server side and client side structure. Figure out how we are trying to use our tools. What are we doing why are we trying to do that. 
		-   Knowing team practices like pairing and testing practices (when do we use what kind of test and why)
		-   Setting up focused blocks of time. Managing distractions.
			-   Don't beat yourself up when you can't figure it out
			-   Give yourself time limits


## [[FUS-1941 - Show Products with future effective dates on the Product Report]]
- Not sure what to do with this. The lens is kind of busted, even though I thought Meredith and I had it working the other day. Not sure how to fix it. Tried a bunch yesterday but feeling way out of my depth. Not quite sure what I'm doing wrong or how to fix it. I think I understand what to do with the entities and record layer but the lens is throwing me for a loop. 
- [ ] Write a test case for two data pools / master products in the future