## Article

[[Not Just What You Read But How by David Heinemeir Hansson]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- It reminds me of my own writing about the topic of inputs and the writing I hope to do on outputs. What's interesting is he creates a connection between inputs and outputs where [[Basecamp]]'s Hey is his main output, which makes him be more thoughtful than [[Twitter]] allows. 
- What does it make me feel?
	- Really excited about a continued evolution of [[Limit my consumption of books and articles]] which seems to be super healthy for me given [[My achilles heel is trying to do multiple things at once]].  
- What does it remind me of?
	- Not sure it brings anything to mind. Maybe [[The War on Developer Productivity]] and [[What's that mystery in your inbox costing you?]]. Both those helped me think about procedures. Not quite the articles I want to be reading all the time, want to have more high level ideas but those definitely have a place. 

## Idea
[[202105241934 - Energy can be converted into information]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me?
	- It seemed so bizarre yet so oddly in touch with reality. It blended with lots of my other ideas about [[202104222251 - Data is currency]] and [[202105241936 - Information is a commodity]], yet drew them together in a special way. Further, I think that this type of thinking helps unlock [[03062021 - Levers]] and new ways to conceive of information, even with how it grows a la [[Growth by Vaclov Smil]].  
- What did it make me feel? 
	- It made me feel super smart to think about this. It seems like a contrarian view that people won't contest me on. Reminds me of therapy, where I talked with [[Aaron Reider]] about knowing things others didn't so I could avoid their judgement. Not a feeling I'm super proud of. 

## Free Write
- After doing more research, I think I am going with the [[Boox]] over the [[Remarkable]]
	- Initially I was focused on the Remarkable tablet because it was so focused on note taking, but after more consideration, it seems like it's best suited for literally taking notes. Boox does that and handles PDFs and could interface with [[Obsidian]] or sync with [[Github]] / [[Google]] Drive. 
- Learning of the day is to use Command + Tab to switch between applications instead of using spotlight. 
- Way behind what I want to be doing today. Made the mistake of saying I could wait to pick up Ivy till 5:45 and Marissa was late again, leading me to be stressed out. In the future I need to be sure to maintain that I need to drop her off at 6 so I can do my reading and writing and cleaning before meeting with [[Aaron Reider]]. It is never fun to be rushing before a meeting. Seems to be once again an example of [[My achilles heel is trying to do multiple things at once]]. I saw it come up with #Blue  this weekend when trying to take him to the humane society. I need to accept that I can't be all things to all people and that I will disappoint many on my path. I cannot do it all, nor do I want to when I sincerely reflect on it. Limits are just so hard for me. Writing them down seems to help and having procedures for stuff is useful as well. How can I incorporate limits into the commitments I make with people? Maybe one limit is I can't schedule 2 things within 15 minutes of the time I need to leave / the start time (if it's something online)
- Rule of thumb for Blue
	- 5 hours
	- 30 minutes
	- 70 degrees
- Conflict with Liv the other day.
	- Liv doesn't like to be critiqued.
	- Liv wanted to leave then, I asked to watch New girl, and we were late. 
		- I felt like I gave liv a chance to say no, but she said she wanted to watch new girl. 
			- Liv was right, the choice to watch new girl resulted in us being late. 
				- I could have said, "I can see how watching new girl made us late. I can see how that is frustrating for you."
				- Buy in and agree on something. AMPP from [[Crucial Conversations by Patterson and Company]]
					- Then you can talk about the feeling of being attacked.
				- I agree, i did just make this about me. I am feeling ___ , I don't like being talked to this way. 
	- Only solving things when your partner is upset is a terrible way to solve problems. You have to bring up frustrations when things are good. 
		- What would be nice to happen is if you voiced your feelings outside of when she has a critique. 
			- This is why I make it about me. 
		- I'm not talking about my actual feelings, I'm trying to fix the conflict.
			- I'm saying, "how do I be more intuitive? How can I do better next time?" instead of talking about how something makes me feel. 
	- Me not expressing my needs to avoid conflict.
		- This creates a partner who doesn't know what I want. 
		- This happens at work as well. 
	- I also want Liv to read my mind, even though I don't say it. When I don't talk about my frustrations, I'm expecting Liv to read my mind. 
		- Do not get caught up in the idea of being intuitive in a relationship. Delete that word and replace it with the word responsive. Intuition is riddled with biases. Communication is much more effective, but to do it you have to have the pool of meaning. 
				- There is no guessing game, the guessing game doesn't work well.
		- I am scared of hurting people. 
			- That is what spooks me. Bring those feelings to here. 
			- I struggle to forgive myself or acknowledge that making mistakes is ok. 
				- I am looking for someone else to tell me that it's ok. It's addicting and the problem is that I will then do anything to gain approval. 
				- A practice of me being ok with myself if I make mistake. 
				- In areas of vulnerability I end up defaulting to others. 


## Summary
- Don't get up on how Liv is treating you, focus more on how you want to be treated. Avoid engaging in your shortcomings when someone else kicked off the discussion. 

## Action Items
- [ ] Read self - compassion book and do it. 