## Article
- Why does article stick out to me? 
- What does it make me feel? 
- What does it remind me of?

## Idea
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
- What did it make me feel? 

## Good Thing Today

## Free Write
- I think that on weekends I like to take the day off from writing about an idea and an article. It's a nice process and I love it but weekends deserve a bit more looseness and freedom. I'm certainly not opposed to doing those things on a weekend, but I don't want to stress about them either. This weekend was very very good. I'm more into the free write daily because I do think that's important as an enneagram 6. After listening to [[202106062239 - EnneaSummer 2019 - Type 6]], I'm realizing that while publishing is great, the most important part about writing for me is the reflection, the getting the thoughts out. I think I got that mixed up with the publishing. Publishing is fun but it's not the critical part. The critical part is that I'm writing down my thoughts and processing them with myself. The critical part is that I'm developing my ability to think alone and figuring out what fears I should listen to and what fears I should ignore. 
- Made a few decisions about my life while on the phone with my mom:
	- Want to double down on [[Weekly Curiosity Conversations]] to learn more about what careers are out there and what different places I want to live in light of [[Liv Panozzo]] moving out to LA. Just sent out some messages on [[LinkedIn]]. I actually know a lot of people out in Cali, including a Hope alum that works at [[Google]] and Jesus, who works at [[Amazon]] in talent acquisition, which could be interesting. Might have to reevaluate my hatred of amazon haha. 
	- Want to take firmer steps in breaking apart my devices into separate parts. Definitely going to get a GPS for my car and I'm debating buying the Lightphone. 