## Article
[[How to Read Books You Disagree With by Scott H Young]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- I found it an interesting development of an idea that's been bouncing around and one that [[Will Lake]] has talked about with [[202106021854 - Steel Mannning]]. Not sure it's the strategy I'd like to follow as it feels like the opposite of [[202105051633 - Finding bright spots motivates and directs change]]. I'd rather read about my [[202105071351 - Adjacent Possible]], though I will acknowledge this strategy was useful when it came to [[Apocolypse Never]]. 
- What does it make me feel? 
	- Conflicted. Not confused. A little angry actually. I feel like the guy is saying, "To be smart you should read like this" and I think his argument is oversimplified and reductionist. He misses that [[202106021841 - Agreement and disagreement are not binary nor evenly distributed]], which rubbed me the wrong way. He also misses that [[Why books don’t work By Andy Matuschak]] and fails to see how big of an investment books are. He does, but he doesn't see how reading things that don't necessarily move you forward aren't useful. He kind of assumes that everything is binary and adversarial and so your best shot is to outgun your enemy. Kind of misses that there is a lot of the world we don't know about. 
- What does it remind me of?
	- Haven't read an article like this yet. Kind of 0 for 2 in the last two days. The rest seemed way better. That said, interesting ideas came out of this, which is good. 

## Idea
[[202106021841 - Agreement and disagreement are not binary nor evenly distributed]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
	- So explanatory and connects so deeply to [[The Righteous Mind by Jonathon Haidt]] and others. I think it explains a lot of politics and reminds me of the conversation I had with [[Will Lake]]. I think this idea is important for good dialogue. A reminder that we are contradictory and complicated and limited. 
- What did it make me feel? 
	- Angry that it was missed by the article I was reading. Angry as well that something so obvious could have been missed by me and caused so much trouble in my life. 

## Good Thing Today
- Being trusted to work solo while Lydia worked on the Production outage detailed more in Craft

## Hopeful Todos
- [ ] Laundry
- [ ] Grand Ravines
- [ ] SQL Book
- [ ] Kindle Reading

## Free Write
- Started using [[Craft]] for work stuff and really enjoying the editing experience. It's nice to finally have a separate place for work, plus it's more visual and "web like" which seems to help me out. I have had a lot of fun this morning adding some documentation for [[Fusion Improvements]] and working to get processes in place. Would be a perfect place to keep stuff for new people who are onboarding. Anyhow, it's like a better version of [[Notion]] with some of the stuff from [[Obsidian]] (though not all - fear not obsidian I shall not leave you for craft). It's also justt nice to have separation as I had therapy notes up the other day which was not so great. 
	- Further, it's nice to have a clean place to keep track of what I'm doing / have done. We shall see if it becomes too crowded but I have a solid feeling about this so far. 
- Tonight is a night to myself. Kind of excited to have my first one in a while. Think I'm going to take #Blue to grand ravines because he is the love of my life and he is probably having a hard time with me gone. Not sure what I'm going to make for dinner and then I think I'm going to be working on my SQL book, taking on chapter 9 which is super exciting. Other than that I'd like to actually read my kindle for once and do my normal article thing at the end of the work day. 
	- Also going over my budget which I'm excited about. It will be interesting to start to think about a travel budget for going to LA and seeing what I will need to do to make that happen. Very exciting. 
- Ended up being a solid day at work. learned a ton about the domain model at work. More in one day than I think at any time in the past few months. It will be tough to go back to being remote but I think the key is that drawing helps a ton. So when I go back to being remote, asking for a [[Tuple]] subscription (or just paying for one myself) will be essential. I think I could setup a dummy account that my coworkers could sign up for. Maybe? Who knows. Might have to do more talking with folks about this whole moving to LA business. Good topic for [[Jesse Hill]] and I tomorrow. 