## Article
[[Finland is a Capitalist Paradise by Anu Partanen]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
- What does it make me feel? 
- What does it remind me of?

## Idea
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
- What did it make me feel? 

## Hopeful Todos
- [ ] Check out https://www.jpl.jobs/
- [ ] Reach out to different [[Forrester]] people

## Good Thing Today
- Made it to work on time (8:02) and felt good about work I did this weekend. 
## Free Write
- Doing work with the [[Remarkable]] made it possible to show work even when I didn't get anything done, which is super nice. Also nice to preserve the questions I had while I was working. That said, comments are another useful tool to use while working as [[Lydia Cupery]] pointed out. 
- Time goes so much faster in person! Actually getting settled in and starting to like being in person. Tech ref is way easier given the fact that we are able to discuss more personally. Way more engaging. Only downside is I can't do other things in the spare time. I guess it's probably more efficient in the long run. 
- Figuring out how to use the [[Remarkable]] at work. Seems to be useful for learning / understanding new things. Trying to decide if I want it to be where my todos live. In [[Getting Things Done by David Allen]] he talks about one central place for all your commitments. I'm not yet sure what I take everywhere and can update from anywhere. The remarkable seems to be close but I can't add to it if I don't have it with me. So probably not that. Maybe iPhone notes? But not sure I'd check that very often. 
- Thinking about moving away from here or the US in general based on [[Finland is a Capitalist Paradise by Anu Partanen]] and my conversation with Mr. Stahley about LA. 
	- Part is education for my kids. 
	- Part is cost of living. 
	- Part is the culture. 
- Really loved my conversation with [[Aaron Reider]] today about stepping into professional confidence. What would it be like to share my ideas and talents with less timidity? 