## Article
[[Why books don’t work By Andy Matuschak]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- Books are so integral to who I am and what I do and I loved this article because it forced me to really consider them. I think this article combined with [[Liv Panozzo]] and her suggestion to [[Limit my consumption of books and articles]] has totally changed my approach. I think I'm much much more efficient at learning now even as I consume less than I was before when I consumed lots. 
- What does it make me feel? 
	- A mix of sad and hopeful. Sad because it shows me how wrong I have been in drowning in information and simply collecting it. Hopeful because I'm starting to discover a different way and am even doubling down on it now that I'm doing these daily write ups. 
- What does it remind me of?
	- This reminds me of [[The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics]]. It both shakes and affirms my worldview in interesting ways. In some ways, they both remind me of [[How do you see the world]], which talks about the glasses you use to view the world. Seeing those glasses and swapping them out is hard but I think [[03062021 - Levers]] make it much more possible and they were everywhere in this article. 

## Idea
[[202105310953 - Transmissionism]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
	- It fascinates me in the way [[Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn]]. An unspoken idea that drives much of our behavior. Here again I love the explanatory power of it. 
- What did it make me feel? 
	- A little bummed that we don't question it more often. Why is [[Why books don’t work By Andy Matuschak]] such a transformative article? Why was reading about hypertext learning theory and social learning so huge for me as a freshman? Because of the disappointment that is our education system, which is becoming more and more of a sore point for me as time goes on. Reminds me of my conversation with [[Liv Panozzo]] yesterday about being a professor. I think I'd really like that. 

## Good Thing Today
- Going to see grandma and her new puppy, which is exciting. 
- Getting to read and write in the morning.

## Free Write
-  I love doing the processing work in the morning, might try to pick that up again and do my 750 words before work. But alas we shall see if I can make it work. I wonder if it would be best to do the processing of ideas in the morning for the idea of the day and then save the article for the afternoon / evening. Seems like a solid workflow and might make it more likely I do one or the other if I can't do both, which is kind of the ideal solution. Still have to figure out how to turn this into something writeable. 
	-  Starting to like the idea of writing 3 Things weekly and then trying to publish 1 thing a month other than that. Sounds like a nice workflow. 