## Article
[[The Futures Cone, use and history by Joseph Voros]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
- What does it make me feel? 
- What does it remind me of?

## Idea
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
- What did it make me feel? 

## Good Thing Today
- Once again, waking up next to [[Liv Panozzo]] and getting to learn about [[Terraform]] while soloing in the morning. Also it was fun to learn about input validation from Chris. 
## Free Write
Having fun this morning working on various issues, especially [[FUS 1768 - Typescript Function Argument Validation]]. Fun to think of ways to create validation for inputs that gives us better security. 

Super exciting to think about suppliers at [[Atomic Object]] coming out of our meeting with [[Global Bridge Builders]]. 
	- Pair lunches (where do we go to eat?)
		- I want to do lots more thinking about this, as well as more thinking about how to support minority owned businesses in Grand Rapid
	- AWS / Cloud services
		- Are there ethical alternatives
		
		
Really exciting to think about working through DEI process. Also very exciting that I can export things to my [[Remarkable]] to mark up and reconsider. Might be my super power - being able to quickly and effectively reflect on big docs like our iSA. 

A few lingering questions I have here: 
- How do you manage a culture change? Oh I guess you make the culture change before the culture changes (translation)
- Why use performance incentives? - [[Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn]]
- Do leaders freak out about this?

Feeling very worn out this week - haven't had much time to write or much time to myself. My whole nice article a day went out the window this week as I overbooked myself. I think instead of having a rule that limits me ([[Commitment Analyzer]]) I want to have a rule that inspires me. 

So tired. I'm learning that creating is so critical to my energy levels. Today at work I did lots of creating by making validation and I had an absolute blast. Just about the perfect amount of challenge where I was looking things up the whole time yet remaining creative throughout the process. An interesting example of flow I feel like I've rarely been while on Fusion. 