## Article
[[Don't Let Anyone Overpay You by Jason Fried]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- Seems like a counter intuitive idea, which I'm always attracted to. Plus it makes extensive use of [[03062021 - Levers]] which is fascinating and relates directly to [[Atomic Object]] in a not super clear way that made me think more about who atomic is and what we do. There's a sneaky part of me that wants Atomic to be a product company and I think we are closer to it than we think. If we start [[202105101942 - Sell your byproducts]], I think we could find interesting ways to reimagine ourselves. 
- What does it make me feel? 
	- At first I felt confused then really excited. I think this one is exciting in a less sustainable way than the article from [[2021-05-20]] because that one is more of a long term idea. This one is interesting because it's more of a warning I now know about, a way to be prepared for the future. As [[Aaron Reider]] pointed out, I'm always trying to be prepared. So I guess in the end that's what this article does for me, it makes me feel prepared. For what? I have no idea. 
- What does it remind me of?
	- Reminds me a tad of [[202103291336 - The Episode of Everything - Balaji on Bitcoin]] in that it makes me kind of giddy and greedy, as if I've found a little tiny cheat code. Since it's much more localized, the reaction isn't to the same extent, but it's interesting nonetheless. 

## Idea
[[202105211614 - Snapshots are accurate but not the truth]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
	- It seems to be a lot like the article above, it helps me feel more prepared about the world and makes me feel more confident I can handle it. Why am I drawn to this type of stuff right now? Interesting and bears more thinking. That said, I think it's a useful logical fallacy to look out for and a good way to cut down common bad arguments. This is part of why the [[Logical fallacies are well defined but rarely applied]] idea is important and also why it's important to realize something can be logical, but wrong. I think a lot of things that are logical but wrong rely on facts that are accurate but not the truth. 
- What did it make me feel? 
	- It makes me feel confident, like when I finished a feature with [[Chris Farber]] or [[Jordan Nelson]]. It feels like a good buttress against saying dumb things or being convinced of dumb things. A good check. 

## Free Write
Super excited for the internal retro at work, they are always so fun to do. Going to write my responses in here this time!

Bonus Question: What are you looking forward to most this summer?  
- Plants! I keep walking around enviously at the farmers market. With Blue back, I feel like I'll be in the garden much more often which means I can probably take care of more plants. I want to try chocolate mint... I'm working on turning the whole garden into an herb garden, which I'm hoping will require less upkeep than a normal garden. I do need to grab a water can as the hose keeps disappearing. 

Talk about something that recently you\*:  
1. Liked
	- Hardware recommendations from [[Jordan Nelson]]. Super fun to think about upgrading my kit and getting on top of my game. Unfortunately, I sent my new gear to Indiana instead of here which is a bummer. 
2. Learned  
	- Learning a lot while doing PR reviews for [[AITS]] with Lydia, specifically about how to architect testing and when to use UseMemo. Also learning a lot about refactoring with Jordan (testing and price edit report row).
	- You can go back and forward from all references and other things in #VSCode with Ctrl - and ctrl shift - 
3. Lacked  
	- Heads down time. I played this scheduling game a while back (can't find it) and wish I could use it to create bigger gaps between meetings so I can get work done. Feel like I'm finally understanding the desire for less meetings. 
4. Longed for  
	- Deeper system understanding & having big picture context. Still struggling with how to learn those and pick it up. 