## TODO
- [ ] Put thought into these questions:
	-   How do you think you’re doing in working toward being able to work independently on Fusion features?
		-   Mixed bag. Some issues, particularly those related to GraphQL / React I can handle on my own. When things drift into the starter kit and raw SQL I generally start to lose my grip. 
	-   Where do you think learning / growth would help you the most in that area?
		-   It's tough to pinpoint, since so much of it is original Atomic stuff (lens, domain entities, Repositories/ports). SQL is unquestionable an area for potential growth. I've grown a lot since I started (I can now find most data I need) but I need work in generating complicated stuff (not just one off queries)
	-   If you’re not sure, what can you do to identify places where growth would help?
		-   I think setting up a VPL with Drew could be useful on the starter kit side just to get the bigger picture. Plus, keeping pictures of the system that help me around would be a big win. 
	-   Are there specific things that I or the team or Atomic at large do to help?
		-   Make sure I'm asking to drive! When I start to stagnate or get confused I'm less assertive and slide back because that means I don't ask to drive (where I tend to learn most)
	-   Are there things that you feel are holding you back?
		-   The lack of structure around pairing. I would love to better know that I'd have breaks and help. Those are the two most important things for my productivity right now. 
- [ ]   Prep for therapy
	- [ ] Talk about [[Changing how I output information with friends]] and [[Change how I handle information input]]
		- Meet people where they are at with conversations. What type of conversation do they want to have? How do they want to connect?
- [x]   Run to Martha's
- [ ]   Write
 

## Reflections
