## Article
[[The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- I am so interested in the _unreasonable_ part of this. Why is it unreasonable? That's what caught my interest here. I think it also sticks out to me because in some ways it is a continued return to my love of math. I feel like I've been circling math again recently and reminded of my love for it at Hope and before. I'm not sure how that will align with my job but I'm curious and excited about it because it could offer me some interesting advantages. 
- What does it make me feel? 
- What does it remind me of?

## Idea
[[202105262326 - The masters tools will never dismantle the masters house]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me?
	- It's so freaking explanatory and it underlies so many ideas I have. I'm fascinated by how well it's worded as well. [[Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn]] is quietly a revolutionary book that reshapes the way I look at the world. It will definitely be a book I plan on buying because it blows up my model of the world. The idea sticks out because it quickly dismantles many arguments. It's hard to argue with. I find it interesting for what I can use it for. 
- What did it make me feel? 
	- I think it both confirmed and confused me. It confirmed my sense that copying others and using what people already do is dumb. It also confirmed my deep misgivings with school and the way I have approached things like teaching and mentoring. Further though, it confused me because I have never been exposed to an alternative model. And that both surprises and confused me. It also scares me. Unsure of where this journey will lead.

## Good Things Today
- Seeing [[Liv Panozzo]] this morning and getting to say hi to her before she went to hike with Sara.
- Horchata beer. 
- Working in the office the first time and training with #Blue afterwards!

## Free Write
Finally got the [[Remarkable]] today! So excited to give it a try and so proud of myself for running 5 days a week for 4 straight weeks! Feeling so much better and can't wait to get in the pool now that it is starting to fill up. Might even start working out at the gym in the apartment, who knows? Whatever the case it is very fun to be able to be active again and feel good when I exercise. I so want to keep doing this - it was much easier than I thought it would be to do. Surprised at how a little habit can be so powerful. Definitely a [[202105071236 - Keystone habits]]. 

Weird thing happened this morning where #Blue was not interested in running the normal loop. Trying to figure out if he was bored or tired or what? Is he not a morning dog? Does he dislike repetition? That might be it but that would be an interesting reason. 

So I'm on the production support / UAT track. Kind of curious as to how this will go. Lydia said it's lots of context switching which will be interesting. So I'm not sure how that is going to go, kind of curious. I'm excited about the stories we get to work on, apparently one of them features lots of #SQL so I'm excited to level up my skillz. Still working through [[Head First SQL]], which is coming along quite well. I am learning tons about how to setup tables (Fusion does this super well). Exciting to see how that enables joins and stuff. 

Got some very good work in today with Jordan, wrapping up [[FUS-2033 - Display resulting ratios in current row and standard ratios in new row when price editing.]] and [[FUS-1995 - Editing product root and MPV info from product management area]], which had lots of unforeseen permission problems due to routes and other menus that needed to be updated. But I think we finally have everything which is super gratifying. 

Going to go in during the morning tomorrow, might get a camera to see which Blue prefers. I'm thinking he'd rather have me home in the afternoon but can't be 100%. Might end up using that tax return to buy a camera plus some other computer stuff like a server and a cheapo build it myself computer from pc parts. Seems like i have plenty of rewards to work for though I'm rethinking my whole system in light of [[Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn]]. 