## Article
[[What's that mystery in your inbox costing you?]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- It stuck out to me because it's connected to another topic I've been thinking about, [[202104200859 - Chat is a greedy form of communication]]. I think that topic itself is important to me because of the stress I feel out work around communication and distraction. I use [[Slack]] and [[Twitter]] as a distraction when things feel out of control at work and I'm trying to understand why I do that and what environmental changes I can make to improve how I work so it's more fun and focused. 
- What does it make me feel? 
	- It makes me feel less weak? I think I'm starting to realize that most of the tech we use is not designed for our success. Working on a computer that allows you to multitask ([[The Erosion of Deep Literacy]]) is like trying to work in a wood factory that has children running around screaming all day. It's like a preschool mixed with a zoo and all of it is underwater. Just way too many distractions and I'm realizing it's a feature, not a bug. The computer is not made for [[040820211016 - Deep Work]] by default. Work isn't really designed for that either. Doing good work is very hard given the context of the computer for a variety of reasons, whether it be distractions ([[Social Dilemma]]) or pain ([[How the Personal Computer Broke the Human Body]]). Gives me lots to think about without many answers at this point but it feels like an important line of inquiry. So in a sense, I guess this article makes me feel happy and optimistic rather than stressed like many of the other articles I read. 
- What does it remind me of?
	- This feeling reminds me of [[How the Personal Computer Broke the Human Body]] in that it is kind of scary and a bummer yet also hopeful. In a way I guess I could say it inspires me like [[The War on Developer Productivity]]. I wonder if my feelings will change as I go further in my career because this tension about "heads down" time seems to be recurring. Might end up being something I learn as a people skill rather than something I optimize technically. 

## Idea
[[202105191618 - We miss the common and overrate the rare]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
	- It seems so fundamental. It answers lots of questions for me and it's super explanatory. It explains why we don't take action on guns and drugs and racism. It it helping me make sense of the world around me in a whole new way. I think I also like it because it has lots of [[03062021 - Levers]] involved that make it easy to explain. I feel like I've been circling this idea for a long time but I'm only now just getting to the root of it. 
- What did it make me feel? 
	- This idea is super exciting to me. I can see the way it will affect my future thinking and help me better understand systemic issues. It reminds me of [[202104211317 - Inductive reasoning is often misused when addressing systemic problems]] in the way it starts to explain why people act the way they do in light of big societal problems. It gives me some hope that I can talk to friends and family about this in a way they can understand and digest. That said, it's a hard pill to swallow. 

## Free Write
Jordan is out this morning which makes me a little worried. Not sure I'll be able to complete 2033. But I think I want to tackle 2033 and the PR's this morning first. 

Working solo really sucks. Not sure how to move forward, which is not a great state for me. I find I have lots of trouble when faced with uncertainty like this. It makes me feel sick to my stomach and makes me reach for distractions. I seem to reach for distraction when things get hard. Some days I can overcome it with the pomodoro timer but today that doesn't seem to be working. Bummer. 

I think the problem was with a database - looking at a different spot in the logs keyed me in and fixed the problem. I think I actually followed my [[Problem Solving Process]]! It worked like a charm which is so encouraging. 