mmon## Article
[[The Case for Abolishing Patents (Yes, All of Them) by Jordan Weissmann]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- The patent system and innovation in general have always fascinated me. 
- What does it make me feel? 
	- It makes me feel intrigued. It seems like a counterintuitive idea though after reading it I'm less convinced. There are certainly interesting connections with [[Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn]], but beyond that I'm not sure it holds a ton of water. That said, I'm not particularly convinced by [[Zero to One by Peter Thiel]] either. I guess I'm ending up a little dispassionate about the whole thing. In the end, I found it quite boring. 
- What does it remind me of?
	- I haven't read an article like this in a while. I had a pretty lucky stretch. This article is basically what I thought [[Why two Clockwise designers built a video game that gives humans empathy for machines by Cathy Reisenwitz]] would be like though it blew away my expectations. 

## Idea
[[202106011814 - Rewards require you know the desired behavior in advance]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
	- It is at such an interesting intersection of [[Black Swan by Nassim Taleb]], [[Switch - How to Change Things When Change is Hard by Dan and Chip Heath]], and [[The Righteous Mind by Jonathon Haidt]]. Just combines lots of ideas. This is another idea which feels explanatory, continuing the trend of an interesting article and explanatory idea. 
- What did it make me feel? 
	- Made me feel lucky that I had teachers who didn't use that many carrots and sticks. 

## Good Thing Today
- Being able to wake up late and still make it to work on time :)
- Hunting down bugs with Lydia in postgresql with regards to deadlocks. 

## Free Write
Feeling a little intimidated by going back to work all at once. I think I am going to end up doing a more phased approach. I'm excited to return to work but the mornings are really stressful. I think this week I'm going to do mornings at home then take a half hour break to head into the office for the afternoon. Talking with [[Liv Panozzo]] last night about it was interesting. I think I was so worried because I was trying to do everything at once. So I'm starting small. 

All that said, struggling with staying focused again at home, being in person was waaay easier on that front. Yet also more tiring. If I'm going to be in person I'm going to need some real ass breaks as compared with what we normally do. I think the hour long lunch break would solve that, though 45 minutes might just be perfect! That solves the problem I was so worried about and I'm pretty sure I've already thought about it. Bummer, going in anxious circles haha. Alas what more can you expect from me? 

Kind of want to have a more organized system for going through [[Discord]] since I'm getting so much out of it. Starting a discord server with [[Neil]] and [[Russell]] would be super fun. 

Also finding that when I go back through my articles that a lot are hype based and useless, articles I feel like I should read. I'm not sure what is different about today but I'm feeling much more picky. I only want to read articles that are at the idea level, not at the fact level. Weird how I became decisive about that all of a sudden. I think I also don't want to bookmark from any one person more than once because that just overwhelms me. Also also, I am starting to think of newsletters as a separate thing that can be skimmed. I am not getting tons out of them and many of them seem to be hedgehogs where if you read one article, you read them all (thinking of this with [[Explicit Economics]] especially). 

I'm also increasingly skeptical of all this crypto / third web / remote work stuff that is floating around. I see lots of people writing about it but I'm not sure I see people adopting it. All of it seems to violate the [[202105031552 - The future is unbelievable now and what's believable now isn't the future]] though it does pass [[202104070856 - The future is already here, it's just not evenly distributed]]. The hard thing about that idea is that just because something is not evenly distributed (i.e. adopted by a subgroup of people) doesn't mean that it is the "future". Hippies probably thought their way of life was the future but look how that turned out. 

I think what I'm getting at here and what [[Liv Panozzo]] has gotten at from the beginning is that people like [[202103291336 - The Episode of Everything - Balaji on Bitcoin]] are not that useful. I am starting to distrust their predictions (they have a vested interest) and wonder at the worry they cause in me. I think what they do is fun and interesting, but not particularly useful and I'm not sure that compulsively reading about it will prepare me any better for the world at large. 

