## Article
- Why does article stick out to me? 
- What does it make me feel? 
- What does it remind me of?

## Idea
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
- What did it make me feel? 

## Good Thing Today

## Hopeful Todos
- [ ] Check out [[Forrester]]

## Free Write
- Kind of reflecting on yesterday where I thought about switching jobs. I'm not sure I want to work anywhere else. Forrester does look cool, that's the only one that really caught my eye. The rest it seems like would have me jumping on the endless treadmill of keeping up. Feels like from what I see of people out in the tech world you just have to constantly be learning and leveling up ON TOP of your normal work, which just sounds dreadful. At least at [[Atomic Object]] I get to learn on the job and stay up to date almost by default. 
- Had an interesting thought while reading [[Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn]] around how to make [[Atomic Object]] more democratic. It was interesting to realize  that most US companies (including ours) are hierarchical regardless of their claims. It reminds me of the reform minded teacher that imposes no rewards on students. Is it a good thing to do? Yes. Is it a good way to do it? No. Reminds me as well of [[Switch - How to Change Things When Change is Hard by Dan and Chip Heath]]. More and more I'm thinking that we should give people the option to return to in person or even create opportunities to recreate parts of the office elsewhere. What got me thinking was wondering what made going back into the office special? What [[03062021 - Levers]] are there in the office that make it good? 
	- Intergroup connections
		- Easier to pull other team members in
	- Intra group connections
		- Easier to connect across teams and share knowledge
- The interesting thing about these levers is that you can not have them even if you are in the office. If your culture sucks, you don't have these. So it isn't purely being in person that makes this all work. So what if we could create systems and technology that enable us to have the above 2 advantages remotely? Could we invest in [[VR & AR]]? Are there any companies doing this? 
- I think another layer here is tooling like [[Tuple]] and [[Teamflow]], which start to bring those levers back. I don't think atomic (or any other company for that matter) did a great job of understanding what exactly makes in person work special and how we can replicate that in an online forum. Nor do I think most places did enough thinking about the downsides of in person work (see [[Quiet by Susan Cain]]). 