## Article
- Why does article stick out to me? 
- What does it make me feel? 
- What does it remind me of?

## Idea
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
- What did it make me feel? 

## Good Thing Today

## Free Write
- What would I say about this sprint?
	- Probably something about deep work. I think we went deep this sprint and understood root causes and learned a ton. 
- Having a weird push back against productivity now that I'm at home. I think I missed the privacy of working from home while in the office. Kind of an interesting note that for me, #Privacy  is a [[03062021 - Levers]] that goes up while working from home but for others it's a lever that goes down because of companies surveillance of their computers. 
- Tweeted out this [[202106081009 - Autonomous cars are the private version of public transportation]] after a discussion with [[Aaron Reider]] on [[2021-06-07]] about stepping into my ideas and owning them. Went really well with a conversation with Shawn yesterday about in person versus remote. [[Shawn Crowley.pdf]]. Really like my thinking about the topic and might turn that into a spin post: 
> Hey Shawn, I’m curious to hear your thoughts on this idea I’ve been batting around. The idea starts with a question, “What if we are looking at remote vs. in person wrong?” What brought me to this question was wondering about what makes in person so valuable. After considering for a while, I think a couple variables are in play:
> 1.  Trust
> 2.  Intrateam communication
> 3.  Interteam communication

> After thinking more about those, I realized you can boil that down to collaboration. So the question in sum becomes, “How do we promote collaboration?” Then, it’s not so much about in person vs remote but collaborative vs not collaborative.I think this framing brings up some interesting questions about remote and in person work and I think it could mean some interesting decisions while we exist in the hybrid phase and beyond. For example, I think a critical component of collaboration is visualization, which in person is often facilitated by whiteboard and remote is often not done as the tools suck. Which leads to the question, “How can we maximize visualization (and thus collaboration) in the hybrid model? What tools best facilitate that and how can we best invest in them?”