## Article
- [[The Child Safety Problem on Platforms is Worse Than We Knew]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- It's at the intersection of tech and life and talks about the otherwise invisible externalities of tech 
- What does it make me feel? 
	- Sad and angry and powerless all at once. I do have hope that making this more visible would give me and many others a greater sense of efficacy in taking on the problem
- What does it remind me of?
	- The feeling reminds me of what I feel when I think of the treatment of women and the paper [[Liv Panozzo]] wrote about the DRC and minerals. It's so profoundly sad to see something I'm interested in and deeply involved with (tech) have these terrible effects that few talk about. Also reminds me of my feeling upon watching [[Coded Bias]] and reading [[Weapons of Math Destruction by Cathy O'Neil]]. 

## Idea
[[202105181617 - Humans are becoming more like machines]]
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
	- I find it counterintuitive and yet obviously true. Especially in light of companies like [[Amazon]] who are exerting increasing amounts of control on workers. I feel it myself since I'm hosting most of my brain in [[Obsidian]]. Companies like [[Psionica]] make me think there is potential that all this doesn't turn out so badly, but I think the capitalistic context where [[202104050849 - Offloading responsibility is manipulative]] is ok makes this less likely. 
- What did it make me feel? 
	- Worried? Kind of reminds me of the feeling I felt when I read [[How the Personal Computer Broke the Human Body]]. At the same time, I think what I'm doing with [[Obsidian]] and [[Orbit]] and my reading habits and [[03-04-2021 - Unbundling your phone into separate functions]] are pushing back on all of this. So I feel worried but hopeful, I like I have some efficacy here and can do things to meaningfully change my trajectory. 

## Free Write

Feeling weird about the Amway meeting because I'm unsure how to make the project better. Right now it's simply not fun and enjoyable. I don't want to take on more work (unless it's like dev retro or something) because it seems so disconnected from the end user and so not meaningful (as I don't connect with Amway's purpose). These seems like big [[03062021 - Levers]] I can't push on whereas I think [[Jason Porritt]] is hoping for optimization. 

It feels like a change in cardinal direction to make this project enjoyable than it does micro adjustments and optimizations. Part of the problem is I still don't feel like I know the system well and I think part of that is my own difficulty focusing and locking in. That is something I want to work on, but I'm not sure how to. The breaks seem to increase my focus and I think I need to double down on that if I'm to have any hope of being a real contributor on the project. Which sucks because that is a pretty contrarian stance. Not fun to take a stand like that but might be one I have to. 

So I guess I do know the steps that I need to take, they just aren't fun to do. I want to have breaks as those are essential. There was something else that was useful, but I don't remember what it is. Ah! Driving. I need breaks and driving. I'm not necessarily dissatisfied with the project as a whole but specifically with my pairing situation. I think that the best way to handle this is probably to advocate for more pair switching. And to just accept the high cost of advocating for myself. Which sucks. 

I think I'd like a little bit more shielding from Matt so that we can have better timelines and feel less pressure to have the more experienced pair. 

Aim is to go faster with the code editor: 
- Remove Vim
- Window layout
	- Increase text size / window size
		- Start doing this by default
- Consider upgraded keyboard


So a little update on this. Bought a few different new things, a mouse and a keyboard to see if I can improve my speed. Also realized that I think [[Jordan Nelson]] was holding back key critiques that my rant kind of unleashed. So not the best thing I did but a good thing came of it. I was able to ask him for more feedback because I have fairly thick skin. 