## Article
[[As We May Think by Vannevar Bush]]
- Why does article stick out to me? 
	- Finally finished this and the most exciting idea to come from it is the idea of "idea trails" that others can follow or even annotate. Fascinating. I need a place to publish all this because the trails idea must be shared.
- What does it make me feel? 
	- So so so excited. Could connect deeply with things at work - what if we could see a history of what people tried and annotate it? 
- What does it remind me of?
	- Reminds me of [[The Atomic Web Note Taking Strategy - Zettelkasten]] in how exciting and groundbreaking it seems. Similar feeling when I first discovered [[Obsidian]]. A whole new way of thinking about things in the way of [[Why books don’t work By Andy Matuschak]]. 

## Idea
- Why did this idea stick out to me? 
- What did it make me feel? 

## Good Thing Today
- Waking up next to [[Liv Panozzo]] this morning


## Free Write
- Curious as to how pairing with Patrick will go as we haven't paired in forever. I feel like the number of hours worked and hour schedules are super different. It's so weird because I feel so unusual for kids my age. I'm kind of like [[Neil]] in that I save a shit ton of my money (though I don't invest as much as him) but I'm unlike him and almost everyone else my age in that I have a few solid responsibilities that keep me honest. I think I like it better this way as I'm building more sustainable habits. I won't be able to work at night or even 45 hour weeks for most of my life (I suspect) so it's better that I don't start now. 