## Read Something
- What did I read today?
	- Started reading the last [[The Wheel of Time]] book, which is oddly bittersweet. I'm so happy to be nearing the end of it because it's been 5 long years yet at the same time I want to reread the whole series. It's been such a journey, watching all the characters grow up.

## Write Something
- What did I write today? 
	- Haven't written much today. Wrote the above thing, planning on writing an email to [[Joe Harder]] so I Guess that counts? Feeling super burnt out on writing, I think because I was trying to hard to do it, being so damn ambitious. Rethink ambition in light of my conversation with [[Aaron Reider]] but there is no denying that I at times take things too far. 

## Give Thanks
- Dogs and people at the dog park. I've had more fun and made more friends at the dog park than anywhere else. Plus I've incorporated "office hours" from [[Digital Minimalism by Cal Newport]] into the commute to the dog park so I got to call danny today on my way over. 

## Free Write
- Was talking with [[Sam Neidermann]] about the space created by removing clutter, both physical and mental ([[Getting Things Done by David Allen]]). I've noticed since I started my board [[Getting Things Done/Getting Things Done]] and putting down everything, I'm much more at ease. It's wild what space does for you. I'm so much more free with my time now that I know that my priorities and goals are written down somewhere. I am finally learning to let them go and relax. I can't wait for [[Liv Panozzo]] to see it. 