#Levers update: 

- We sent Neil out to check out levers for us ahead of time. 

## Solutions
- An app that keeps track of how many purchases you've made this month. 
- Google form that asks you how many purchases you've made today and then publicly displays the data
	- Have people give feedback and tips that are publicly available (this we can turn into a #Blog)

## Action Items
- Neil will spend the next week formulating the drop and fleshing it out

## Questions
- How can we make this communal? 
- Could we turn our how often do you think of it into a google form?
	- Could we send a daily or weekly email asking people what they thought about buying?
	- Could we crowdsource this and make it communal as well?

## Process 
Here's a history of his ideas: 

-   Cost=efficiency * number- worksheet for that?
    -   Cost= number( initial cost + time \* cost/ time)
    -   value= (good time times good coefficient- bad time times bad coefficent) per cost
    -   Something that walks you through this? app or spreadsheet?
    -   dont want to maximize good because it might take away the goodness.
    -   app that tracks how long you do moderately bad things. (how long do you use email or social media or other).
    -   limit time of bad things. looking at stocks daily does no good. An app that gives you random garbage.
    -   daily antifragile app.
-   something for efficiency?
-   something to track the amount of time we utilize something?
    -   accelerometers that you put on an item and it asks you why you used it in that situation
-   Levers for cars
    -   bringing distance driven to the forefront of peoples minds. Track miles driven
    -   track mpg
Lever for number of purchases
-   app?
-   I dont think so.
-   It would be too hard to make something that interfaces with banking software
-   blog post
-   can I add anything interesting to the topic?
    -   no
-   Do I need to add anything interesting?
    -   Maybe
-   Do we want to showcase other peoples projects.



## Quotes
"You can't track value if you can't track usage."
"In all these things, number is a key component."