## Action Items from [[May 10, 2021]]

- [x] Gauge interest for brainstorming session about energy generation on trail
	- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FHOA0KPcbCGJDR0c2udAfeeIP74sKfvmfpM6syeriBM/edit?ts=60986f99#heading=h.l8690macamzu
- [x] Submit 1 Idea Each to 100 Ideas
	- [[Jimmy]] - [[Rounding down prices makes us think things are cheaper]]
	- [[Neil]] - [[Elders have a hard time remembering things]]


## Big Picture
- Articles
	- Where do we organize?
		- Goal: Maximize connections between articles
		- [ ] Get [[Neil]] setup on [[Obsidian]]
- Brainstorming
	- Will send out an email to folks 
- 100 Ideas
	- What do we do if we win?
		- If we can do something with the $1000 for that idea, then do it. Otherwise, fun money for project related stuff (VR Goggles) or make a website
		- If we can do something with it in 2 months, then we nail it down for demo day. If not, we don't try. 
		- Middle ground ideas are based on passion. If we love the idea, we develop an MVP. If we don't love the idea, we make a good presentation. 
- Structure
	- Quarterly Model
		- 1 Product (no code based)
		- 3 Articles
	- Zines
		- Future focused, courtesy of levers
		- Should be done after all the rest of this once we can sift through and find what we like
		- X frequency
	- Weekly articles
	- Podcast / Streaming
		- [ ] Talk with Russell about this on Wednesday
	- YouTube Videos
		- Problems: 
			- Potentially time consuming (eventually would get over this as well)
			- Hard to get into a mental state. (probably something you'd get over)
		- We think that the problems above will decrease as we do this more. 
		- This is a great example of [[202105101942 - Sell your byproducts]]. 

## Schedule
- Trying these things out
	- YouTube videos
		- If we can win multiple of 100 ideas then we will want to push through on these
	- Articles
	- Backlog of Ideas first then ->
		- Redo / Update Products
			- Update the Chrome Extension by improving how it handles pricing (which will work across both extensions) and add html drop down
			- No code alternatives
	- Podcast
		- Talk with Joey
	- Streaming
		- Pending a conversation with Russell
