#March #TwentyTwentyOne 

Felt like a good week. Started #Reading again in the mornings. My day started looking like this:

8-8:45 Read & Walk Blue
8:45 - 12 Work
12- 12:45 Lunch & Walk (sometimes shower)
12:45 - 5 Work

This schedule was super nice as starting the day with a walk with #Blue is amazing. The warmer mornings are very nice. I want to keep this going. The only #Problem is that this schedule leaves me 30 minutes short every day at work. My goal is to start the day at 7:30 and start work at 8:15. That gives me 8 hours daily, which is ok given I'm ahead. Eventually, I'll need to beef that up, but for now it's ok. 

The new support role at #Work is much better. I've been #Learning tons and I feel like I've seen more of the code base in the last week than in the months previous. I love the rhythm of work that Meredith uses, with loose pairing and lots of independence. I feel like working with her is more of a partnership and I'm finally feeling engaged at work. 

Outside of work, I'm feeling very stressed by the #Obsidian #KnowledgeFunmel I have going. I think the taking #Notes as I go system will work better, but it took forever to go through and document the #Ideas in [[The Wright Brothers by David]]. I dread going through the even longer [[King Leopold's Ghost]]. I think having 1 time a week on Wednesday's will work, but I might need a longer session to just catch up before then. 

A new habit I'm picking up this week is stretching. Doing wonders for my back to do just 5 minutes. Excited to start #Running again with the nice #Weather. 

Made the decision to [[Choosing to use rewards to start meditating]]. It has worked wonders. Excited about my month long goal and the reward that will come with it! Might even come up with weekly awards (eating out) to keep me going! Feel like this could be a very good system going forward, maybe even something I'd like to pass down to my kids. Could even be an interesting app idea, sort of an anti Stickk. 