Source: [[202103181651 - The Quiet Master of Cryptocurrency]]. 

## Context
Pascal made this #Arguments for the existence of #God, and called it Pascal's wager. His argument was simple: 
- Is there a chance there is a God?
	- Yes. 
	- What happens if there is a God and you don't believe? 
		- You burn in hell. 
	- What happens if there is a God and you do believe?
		- You go to heaven. 
- Thus, according to him, the smart bet is to believe in God. 

## Idea
- People use Pascal's Wager to get people to make bets on highly unlikely events (Doomsday Planners, Magnitude 10 Earthquake, etc)
	- It makes sense to plan for 1 in 10,000 type stuff (Car accidents) but not for once in a generation stuff (Krakatau volcano stuff)
		- Part of the reason is there is so little you can do in some events it doesn't even bear thinking about. 

## Reflection
- There are a few reasons this is wrong. 
1. #Christianity doesn't say that believing in #God does you any good. Jesus said that even the demons believe in God. So this is bad #Theology, whether the #Christian God exists or not. 
2. There are infinite scenarios with little chance of occurring. The existence of God is only one of these. 
	- There is no way you can #Hedge for all of them. In part because [[03062021 - The higher the initial investment, the higher the risk (and potential reward - sometimes)]]. If you were to hedge for all scenarios, you would deplete yourself and contradict yourself
	- The likelihood of a highly unlikely scenario is so small the expected value of every single event is super small. It's so small that it doesn't make sense to reason about and doesn't make sense to look at the #Risk of. 
	- In [[Black Swan by Nassim Taleb]] language, some Black Swan is likely to happen but any particular Black Swan is unlikely to happen

## Example
- According to Naval, the #Singularity is one example. Lots of people are worried about it even though it's unlikely and we have little control over it if it does happen (see [[Superintelligence]])