Articles: 
1. [[Hyperfocus Through Deep Work]]
2. f
3. f
4. f
5. f
6. f
7. f

Any articles above and beyond? $5 per article

## Experiments
- Might have to reconsider my approach for [[Limit my consumption of books and articles]]. It seems so cyclical. Sometimes I'm obsessed and it's a real problem and other times I kind of slack off. I'd love to find a balance where I read like an article a day, but I'm not quite sure how to do that. 

## Books
- Finished up [[The Color of Water by James McBride]]. 
- Making slow but acceptable progress on [[Black Power and Black Theology by James Cone]]. Not sure if buying a kindle will improve my reading speed
- Still cranking through [[Crucial Conversations by Patterson and Company]]. Tons of good stuff here, kind of intimidated by the idea of writing it all down. Seems like a ton of work to process because it has so many connections.
## Rose 
- Had a blast this weekend with Liv. So good to have her here for most of the week during quarentine. Missed her badly when she was gone but it was so much fun to have her here. 
- Learned a ton about the project - really starting to connect the dots ([[2021-04-05]] & [[2021-04-09]] - build process)
- Going to Saugatuck with [[Liv Panozzo]] & Blue was amazing. So fun to see Blue in his element and loving the water. Bold move from Liv got him in there an comfortable. 
- Saw the Blue Bridge for the first time - look forward to walking around there again in the future. Also so much fun to see Johnny Maize
- Finally finished my taxes & GOT MY FIRST VACCINE SHOT!
## Bud 
- People are starting to look to me at work for things like demos (Lydia) and general troubleshooting (Patrick & Steve)
- Chatted with [[Jordan Nelson]] again about building my own machine - it's all very exciting
- Made a lot of money this month and will make a lot more this week thanks to some extra work. 
- Chatted with Elaine about running a writing workshop for [[Atomic Object]], which would just be my dream. Starting to get some opportunities and recognition for crazy ideas as well (thanks to my Vyper tutorial)
## Thorn
- Processing through books is still a challenge. E-books work just fine because I can copy and past things into notes, but physical books like Crucial Conversations are a pain in the ass to annotate over. 
- Pragramatic pairing was rough for me this week as my environment was broken so often. I'm proud of how I used my time and kept cranking, trying to solve for problems. I'm glad I got to talk to Jesse about my Twitter checking because I think in that one situation, it made sense. 
- Build process busted at work which was a bummer
- Did not get to read much this week which made me sad. Not sure how to read in a polite way with Liv as she takes it as an insult, as if the book is more important than her.
- Sad to do Idea Explorers stuff without [[Neil]], really missing him & my other friends that are spread across the country. 