#March #TwentyTwentyOne 

## Reflections
- Feeling so so stuck at #Work today. So tired of this project, so tired of feeling useless. Not sure if I can keep doing this for much longer. At this point I'm feeling like it's time to take a career switch seriously or figure out a way to level up quickly. I don't even know where to start. I don't want to start, I don't want to start the busyness again. And besides, I want to spend my free time writing and reading other things. Not sure where to go from here. I feel like the old Jimmy, the high school Jimmy would know what to do. I haven't been him for a long time. I haven't been on time and buttoned up since Pop died. I can see it all unraveling now. Not sure what to do. 
- My options now seem to be level up or leave. I don't know how to level up without overdoing it so I'm scared to start and try. I'm so tired of feeling completely lost. It feels like every #Coding class I took in #College. I feel like if I'm going to level up, I need to start from the ground up. Gotta buy that book on compilers and work from there. That's probably not it but I'm at a total loss for what to do. I just don't know how to be useful on this project. 
- It seems like I lost my rhythm again. Things were working at one point. But then they stopped. Not sure what did it. Gonna have to talk about this. 
- After writing a little bit of my own code, I'm feeling better. I need to get back to that. I can't just watch people code all day. That don't work for me. I go crazy. 


## Team Sync
- Simpler stories could help me. Playing with the code base and breaking things could be useful. Jordan works through the code base by starting with something he is familiar with and that triggers a memory or understanding. You just need to trace one layer at a time. 