### Reflections
#### Indiana
- Super hard being at my parents house. Grand Rapids is starting to feel like home for sure. Miss all the fun houses and places to walk and eat. I love love love a walkable city. So much value there. Felt very sedentary here, though it was nice waking up early with the dogs. Got lots of time to read but got burnt out on it. I'm noticing that when I'm lonely, I don't want events (like getting dinner) but just want to "be" with someone, to hang out. 

#### Work
- Work was great this week. Watched a lot of [[Burn Notice]] which I feel less than ideal but it was so nice to work solo and with flexibility. Noticing that Zoom makes me feel trapped and stuck. Gotta have my camera off more often. Also need to take more breaks and less. Weird paradox. But I'm feeling like a good partner and contributor for the first time this week, in large part because of Lydia and her help explaining the code base. Talked with [[Aaron Reider]] about doing a standing desk and tried it and didn't hate it. Not sure if I will continue - makes me wonder if work has more of them. Really missed my monitor this week. 

#### Relationship
- Super missed Liv this week but feel like I'm ready to rock our relationship after reading [[Mating in Captivity by Esther Perelle]]. So many insights from that book I can't wait to apply. Totally changed my view on jealousy and how I relate to my own sexuality. So pumped to see her though. Missed her presence badly. 

#### Neil
- Did his first 100 miles this week and struggled with loneliness. Wish I could be there out there with him but alas. Got to talk with him [[2021-03-26]] which was so good. Forgot how much I missed him. Going to miss him especially tomorrow morning while writing the blog. 

#### Blog
- Wrote up a blog about an alternative to Google which got featured on Medium's tech page and took off (though not to the extent I thought it would). I had hoped that the founder of [[Basecamp]] would see it but alas. 


#March #TwentyTwentyOne 