#March #TwentyTwentyOne 

Really enjoyed this week. Was tired for a lot of it, which was a bummer. That meant that my luxurious morning routine went out the window, though I still read and meditated each morning. Like many times before, it's hard to get up extra early and read AND be behind at work, so I just started getting to work a little earlier and resumed not taking lunch. It seems like that will just kind of be a cycle that happens. 

## Dogs
- Went on my first tandem walk with Blue and Ivy, which was amazing. So nice that the weather is improving. Now I'm in Indiana with Blue and Oakley. They were super hard at first (played till 2am the first night) but for the most part are pretty easy to handle. They do wake up super early, which is a real bummer. 


## Weather
- Very glad to see the weather getting warmer this week - makes me want to start running! 

## Reading
- Switched up my reading note taking so that I skim over the book at the end and that has been way better than trying to capture every single idea I wrote down. Also, learning so much from [[Mating in Captivity by Esther Perelle]] that I can't wait to bring to [[Liv Panozzo]] and I's relationship. I wish someone had told me some of that stuff earlier. The idea that [[202103202203 - Intimacy and eroticism are not one in the same]] is particularly important. 

## Writing
- Wrote a story I really like for #AtomicObject [[Coding as Building]] - can't wait to share this one. I want to now write a follow up about the tools of the trade for developers, giving more context to that article. 
- I'm also super excited to start writing up the philosophy of [[Neil]] and I's project, as well as doing some product deep dives. It's nice to be writing again. 

## Liv
- Really enjoyed my time with [[Liv Panozzo]] this week. I can tell as the end of all the stress of rehearsals and performance nears that she is loosening up. I can also tell this is very sad for her, potentially her last time performing. 